add scaledobject resources for the read path (#404)
giantswarm/loki-app: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

- Add `ScaledObject` resources for `loki-read` and `loki-gateway`.

### Changed

> - Disable `autoscaling` for `loki-read` and `loki-gateway` in favor of `kedaScaling`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace HPA scaling for `loki-read` and `loki-gateway` in favor of Keda
```
